[docs] Batch11 date and time functions (#16926)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-scalar.md

|`MILLIS_TO_TIMESTAMP(millis_expr)`|Converts a number of milliseconds since the epoch (1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC) into a timestamp.|
|`TIMESTAMP_TO_MILLIS(timestamp_expr)`|Converts a timestamp into a number of milliseconds since the epoch.|
|`EXTRACT(unit FROM timestamp_expr)`|Extracts a time part from `expr`, returning it as a number. Unit can be EPOCH, MICROSECOND, MILLISECOND, SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY (day of month), DOW (day of week), ISODOW (ISO day of week), DOY (day of year), WEEK (week of year), MONTH, QUARTER, YEAR, ISOYEAR, DECADE, CENTURY or MILLENNIUM. Units must be provided unquoted, like `EXTRACT(HOUR FROM __time)`.|

> |`FLOOR(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds down a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`FLOOR(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds down a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

Author: I think unit needs to be placde in code format so I changed it to: "The unit parameter must ..."

> |`FLOOR(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds down a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. The `unit` parameter must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`FLOOR(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds down a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. The `unit` parameter must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

> |`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Unit must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

> |`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

Reviewer: Is there any difference between FLOOR and CEIL?

Author: I think unit needs to be placde in code format so I changed it to: "The `unit` parameter must ..."

Author: Not sure what is meant by difference between FLOOR and CEIL

Reviewer: I was referring to lines 176 and 177. Since both functions have the same description, I was curious to learn if there was any difference between them. 

> |`FLOOR(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds down a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Units must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
> |`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. Unit must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Author: The only real difference is that Floor will round down, and CEIL will round up. So for example if I call FLOOR('2024-08-15' TO MONTH) it would return 2024-08-01  Whereas CEIL would return 2024-09-01

> |`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. The `unit` parameter must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`CEIL(timestamp_expr TO unit)`|Rounds up a timestamp, returning it as a new timestamp. The `unit` parameter must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

> |`TIMESTAMPADD(unit, count, timestamp)`|Adds `count` number of `unit` to timestamp, equivalent to `timestamp + count * UNIT`. Unit must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`TIMESTAMPADD(unit, count, timestamp)`|Adds a `count` number of time `unit` to timestamp, equivalent to `timestamp + count * UNIT`. Unit must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```

> |`TIMESTAMPDIFF(unit, timestamp1, timestamp2)`|Returns the (signed) number of `unit` between `timestamp1` and `timestamp2`. Unit must be provided unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`TIMESTAMPDIFF(unit, timestamp1, timestamp2)`|Returns a signed number of `unit` between `timestamp1` and `timestamp2`. Unit must be unquoted and can be SECOND, MINUTE, HOUR, DAY, WEEK, MONTH, QUARTER, or YEAR.|
```
